fix: Publish error when no upstream Worker existed (#1827)
cloudflare/wrangler2: .changeset/cyan-cherries-stare.md

---
"wrangler": patch
---

fix: Publish error when no upstream Worker existed

> try/catch handles the check for last deployed source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a try/catch when checking when the worker was last deployed
```

> The check breaking when no available Worker was upstream to check,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The check was failing when a Worker had never been deployed, causing deployments of new Workers to fail.
```

> which was causing deployments of new workers to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
